Improved guidance on usage of `RequireImmediateDispatch` (#5891)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/messaging/send-a-message.md

While it's usually best to let NServiceBus [handle all exceptions](/nservicebus/recoverability/), there are some scenarios where messages might need to be sent regardless of whether the message handler succeeds or not, for example, to send a reply notifying that there was a problem with processing the message.

### Usage

This can be done by using the immediate dispatch API:

snippet: RequestImmediateDispatch

> NOTE: The API does not impact sending outside a incoming message context like when invoking message operations on `IMessageSession` for example send-only endpoints.

Reviewer: Should we mention it would impact sends done with the transactional session or is that clear enough with the section talking about the outbox?

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: The API behaves the same for `ITransactionalSession` but differently for `IMessageSession` when sending outside an incoming message context. For example when invoking message operations on `IMessageSession` the `RequestImmediateDispatch` does not have any effect.
```
